---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
subcategory: "vDB"
page_title: "vngcloud_vdb_relational_config_group Resource - terraform-provider-vngcloud"
description: |-
  Provides a VNG Cloud vDB Relational Configuration group. This can be used to import, create, modify, and delete.
  
---

# vngcloud_vdb_relational_config_group (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vngcloud_vdb_relational_config_group" "mysql_8_config" {
  engine_type = "MySQL"
  engine_version = "8.0"
  name = "tf-mysql8"
  values = {
    "character_set_server" = "dec8",
    "innodb_stats_method" = "nulls_equal"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- **engine_type** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The type of the engine. This is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **engine_version** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The version of the engine. This is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **name** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The name of the resource. This is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **description** (String, Optional, ForceNew):
    - An optional description for the resource. Defaults to an empty string. This field cannot be changed after creation.

- **values** (Map, Optional):
    - A map of parameters to be applied to the configuration group. The keys and values must be strings.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
- **id** (String) The ID of this config group.

- **created** (String, Computed):
    - The time of when the resource was created.

- **updated** (String, Computed):
    - The time of the last update to the resource.

- **instance_count** (Int, Computed):
    - The number of instances related to the resource.

- **instances** (List, Computed):
    - A list of instances associated with the resource. Each instance contains:
        - **id** (String, Computed): The ID of the instance.
        - **name** (String, Computed): The name of the instance.


