---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
subcategory: "vServer"
page_title: "vngcloud_vdb_relational_database Resource - terraform-provider-vngcloud"
description: |-
  Provides a VNG Cloud vDB Relational Database. This can be used to import, create, modify, and delete.
  
---

# vngcloud_vdb_relational_database (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vngcloud_vdb_relational_database" "mysql_8_db" {
  action = "start"
  backup_auto = true
  backup_duration = 2
  backup_time = "00:00"
  config_id = vngcloud_vdb_relational_config_group.mysql_8_config.id
  db_name = "dbname"
  engine_type = "MySQL"
  engine_version = "8.0"
  name = "tf-db-instance"
  subnet_id = "sub-c6071119-1a44-42cf-bc03-bb43e584242a"
  package_id = data.vngcloud_vdb_database_package.db_new_s_general_1x2.id
  password = "abcd1234"
  public_access = true
  username = "userabcd"
  volume_size = 20
  volume_type = data.vngcloud_vdb_database_volume_type.Gen2_NVMe2_IOPS3000.id
  allowed_ip_prefix = ["10.10.0.0/24"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- **action** (String, Required):
    - The action to perform (start, stop, reboot) The initial value when creating the resource should be 'start'. This field is required.

- **backup_auto** (Bool, Required):
    - Indicates if daily automatic backups are enabled. This field is required.

- **backup_duration** (Int, Required):
    - The retention of the backup (in days). This field can be set to 0 if `backup_auto` is `false`. This field is required.

- **backup_time** (String, Required):
    - The time when the backup should occur. This field can be set to empty if `backup_auto` is `false`. This field is required.

- **config_id** (String, Optional):
    - The ID of the configuration. This field is optional.

- **engine_type** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The type of the engine (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB). This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **engine_version** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The version of the engine. This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **name** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The name of the resource. This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **subnet_id** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The ID of the subnet. This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **package_id** (String, Required):
    - The ID of the package. This field is required.

- **username** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The username for the database. This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.
- 
- **db_name** (String, Required, ForceNew):
    - The name of the database. This field is required and cannot be changed after creation.

- **password** (String, Required):
    - The password for the database. This field is required.

- **public_access** (Bool, Required):
    - Indicates if the database is publicly accessible. This field is required.

- **volume_size** (Int, Required):
    - The size of the volume in GB. This field is required.

- **volume_type** (String, Required):
    - The type of the volume. This field is required.

- **allowed_ip_prefix** (List, Optional):
    - A list of allowed IP prefixes. This field is optional.

- **replica_source_id** (String, Optional):
    - The ID of the source instance for replication. Set this field to empty to promote slave db to standalone. This field is optional and cannot be changed after creation.

- **backup_id** (String, Optional, ForceNew):
    - The ID of the backup for restoration. This field is optional and cannot be changed after creation.

- **is_poc** (Bool, Optional, ForceNew):
    - Is Poc Resource. This field is optional and cannot be changed after creation.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
- **id** (String) The ID of this database instance.

- **config_name** (String, Computed):
    - The name of the configuration.

- **free_backup_size** (Int, Computed):
    - The size of the free backup in GB.

- **ip** (List, Computed):
    - A list of IP addresses associated with the resource.

- **port** (Int, Computed):
    - The port number on which the database is listening.

- **ram** (Int, Computed):
    - The amount of RAM allocated to the instance in MB.

- **replicas** (List, Computed):
    - A list of replica instances.

- **status** (String, Computed):
    - The current status of the instance.

- **cpu** (Int, Computed):
    - The number of CPU cores allocated to the instance.

- **volume_type_zone_id** (String, Computed):
    - The zone ID of the volume type.

- **volume_used** (Float, Computed):
    - The amount of volume used in GB.

- **zone_uuid** (String, Computed):
    - The UUID of the zone.
