---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

subcategory: "vLoadBalancer"
page_title: "vngcloud_vlb_load_balancer Resource - terraform-provider-vngcloud"
description: |-
  Provides a VNG Cloud VLB resource. This can be used to import, create, modify, and delete.
  
---

# vngcloud_vlb_load_balancer (Resource)

Provides a Load Balancer resource. This can be used to import, create, and delete.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vngcloud_vlb_load_balancer" "example"{
  project_id = "pro-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example_lb"
  package_id = "f8e62cf2-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  scheme     = "Internet"
  subnet_id  = "sub-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  type       = "Layer 7"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `project_id` -  (String, Required) The ID of the project to create the load balancer in.
* `name` - (String, Required) The name of the load balancer.
* `package_id` -  (String, Required) The ID of the package that contains the load balancer.
* `scheme` - (String, Required) The scheme of the load balancer. It can be `Internet` or `Internal`.
* `subnet_id` - (String, Required) The ID of the subnet to create the load balancer in.
* `type` -(String, Required) The type of the load balancer. It can be `Layer 4` or `Layer 7`.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - (String) The ID of this Load Balancer.
* `status` - (String) The status of the load balancer.
* `address` - (String) The IP address of the load balancer.
* `private_subnet_cidr` - (String) The CIDR of the private subnet.


## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `20m`)
- `update` - (Default `20m`)
- `delete` - (Default `20m`)

## Import

LBs can be imported using their unique identifier, e.g.
The unique identifier is the ID of the project and the ID of the load balancer, separated by a colon.
Example: `pro-26151c78-0470-4b4c-88a1-6ec41ef29492:lb-38038860-3d4b-4df2-a10e-a03efbd39ac4`
```
$ terraform import vngcloud_vlb_load_balancer.example pro-26151c78-0470-4b4c-88a1-6ec41ef29492:lb-38038860-3d4b-4df2-a10e-a03efbd39ac4
```

## IAM Policy
### Create:
In order to **create Load Balancer**, user must have been granted permissions below:
- CreateLoadBalancer
- GetLoadBalancer

### Delete
In order to **delete Load Balancer**, user must have been granted permissions below:
- DeleteLoadBalancer

