---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
page_title: "vngcloud_vserver_network_interface Resource - terraform-provider-vngcloud"
description: |-
  Provides a VNG Cloud VServer Network Interface resource. This can be used to import, create, modify, and delete.
---

# vngcloud_vserver_network_interface (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vngcloud_vserver_network_interface" "network_interface" {
    project_id = "pro-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    name = "example-network"
    zone_id = "HCM03-1A"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- **name** (String, Required) Name of Network Interface.
- **project_id** (String, Required) ID of project.
- **zone_id** (String, Optional) ID of Zone. If not specified, the default zone will be used

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
- **id** (String) The ID of this Network Interface.
- **vpc_name** (String) Name of the VPC.
- **ip** (String) The IP of Network Interface.
- **server_name** (String) Name of the server it is attached (if any).

## Import

Network Interface can be imported using their unique identifier, e.g.
The unique identifier is the ID of the project, the ID of the network interface separated by a colon.
Example: `pro-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx:network-interface-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx`
```
$ terraform import vngcloud_vserver_network_interface.example pro-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxx:network-interface-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```

## IAM Policy
### Create:
In order to **create Network Interface**, user must have been granted permissions below:
- CreateNetworkInterface
- GetNetworkInterface

### Update
In order to **update Network Interface**, user must have been granted permissions below:
- RenameNetworkInterface
- GetNetworkInterface

### Delete
In order to **delete Network Interface**, user must have been granted permissions below:
- DeleteNetworkInterface