---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
subcategory: "vServer"
page_title: "vngcloud_vserver_server Resource - terraform-provider-vngcloud"
description: |-
  Provides a VNG Cloud VServer Server resource. This can be used to import, create, modify, and delete.
  
---

# vngcloud_vserver_server (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vngcloud_vserver_server" "server"{
    project_id = "pro-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    name = "example-server"
    encryption_volume = false
    flavor_id = "flav-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    image_id = "img-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    network_id = "net-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    root_disk_size = 20
    root_disk_type_id = "vtype-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    ssh_key = "ssh-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    security_group = ["secg-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
    subnet_id = "sub-xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- **encryption_volume** (Boolean, Required) Is Server use Encryption volume.
- **flavor_id** (String, Required) ID of the flavor.
- **host_group_id** (String, Optional) ID of the host group.
- **image_id** (String, Required) ID of the Image.
- **name** (String, Required) Name of Server.
- **network_id** (String, Required) ID of the network.
- **project_id** (String, Required) ID of the Project.
- **root_disk_size** (Number, Required) Size of boot volume.
- **root_disk_type_id** (String, Required) ID of boot volume type.
- **subnet_id** (String, Required) ID of the subnet.
- **action** (String, Optional) Action with server. It can be `stop`, `start` and `reboot`.
- **attach_floating** (Boolean, Optional) Is Server attach a floating IP.
- **expire_password** (Boolean, Optional) Skip change password: false, else: true
- **os_licence** (Boolean, Optional) Licence of OS.
- **root_disk_encryption_type** (String, Optional) Type encryption of boot volume.
- **security_group** (List of String, Optional) ID of the SecGroups.
- **source_type** (String, Optional)
- **ssh_key** (String, Optional) ID of SSH key
- **user_name** (String, Optional) Name of user
- **user_password** (String, Optional) Password of user
- **server_group** (String, Optional) ID of Server Group.
- **user_data** (String, Optional) User data to provide when launching the server.
- **user_data_base64_encode** (Boolean, Optional) Can be used instead of user_data to pass base64-encoded binary data directly. Use this instead of user_data whenever the value is not a valid UTF-8 string.
- **is_poc** (Boolean, Optional) Is Poc Resource.
  
## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
- **id** (String) The ID of this Server.
- **external_interfaces** (List of Map of String) List of Network external interface. It included:
  -  **external_interfaces** (String) 
  -  **floating_ip** (String) 
  -  **interface_type** (String)
  -  **mac** (String)
  -  **network_uuid** (String)
  -  **port_uuid** (String)
  -  **status** (String)
  -  **subnet_uuid** (String)
  -  **type** (String)
- **internal_interfaces** (List of Map of String) List of Network external interface. It included:
  -  **external_interfaces** (String)
  -  **floating_ip** (String)
  -  **interface_type** (String)
  -  **mac** (String)
  -  **network_uuid** (String)
  -  **port_uuid** (String)
  -  **status** (String)
  -  **subnet_uuid** (String)
  -  **type** (String)
- **os_info** (String) Info OS.
- **ssh_key_name** (String) Name of SSH Key.


